Update app-governance-get-started.md (#554)
MicrosoftDocs/CloudAppSecurityDocs: CloudAppSecurityDocs/app-governance-get-started.md

For a list of these licenses, see the [Defender for Cloud Apps licensing datasheet](https://aka.ms/mcaslicensing). You can confirm the licenses in your tenant at Microsoft 365 admin center.

> App governance is currently not available as an addon for Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps Discovery (DCAS), and Microsoft Office 365 Cloud App Security (OCAS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App governance is currently not available as an add-on for Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps Discovery (DCAS), and Microsoft Office 365 Cloud App Security (OCAS).
```

> App governance is currently not available as an add-on for Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps Discovery (DCAS), and Microsoft Office 365 Cloud App Security (OCAS).

Reviewer: This is not a familiar term: Microsoft Defender for Cloud Apps Discovery (DCAS), and certainly the acronym is not used.

Also, I don't think we should use the OCAS acronym as well.
